Update Paint Timing pages (#22771)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancepainttiming/index.md

title: PerformancePaintTiming
slug: Web/API/PerformancePaintTiming
page-type: web-api-interface
tags:
  - API
  - Interface
  - Paint Timing
  - Performance Timeline API
  - PerformancePaintTiming
  - Reference

>   - Web Performance

Author: No reason really. I think we want to remove them anyways and I was playing with removal to see if it had any effect. I can add it back if needed.

>   - Web Performance

Reviewer: I didn't know they're not used for anything, so I guess there's no reason to keep them 👍🏻

- {{Glossary("First paint")}} (FP): Time when anything is rendered. Note that the marking of the first paint is optional, not all user agents report it.
- {{Glossary("First contentful paint")}} (FCP): Time when the first bit of DOM text or image content is rendered.

A third key paint moment is provided by the {{domxref("LargestContentfulPaint")}} API:

> - {{Glossary("Largest contentful paint")}} (LCP): Render time of the largest image or text block visible within the viewport, recorded from when the page first begins to load.

Author: Yes, sorry should have mentioned that my next PR will deal with the LCP pages.

> The data this API provides helps you minimize the time that users have to wait before they can see the site's content start to appear. You can make the site feel more engaging and responsive (better performing) for your users.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:

```suggestion
The data this API provides helps you minimize the time that users have to wait before they can see the site's content start to appear. Decreasing the time until these key paint moments make sites feel more responsive, performant, and engaging for your users.
```
